Our family has been planning for this trip for quite a while.
Along with a large group of friends, we're doing a special work in the Australian Outback.
Over a week, we'll be visiting remote communities and station properties in an area bigger than France.
We're camping out in the bush, so we have to take all our gear with us.
Doing things together as a family, especially spiritual things.
Really draws us closer together.
To reach as many people as possible, each car group covers a different region.
Some station properties are 300 kilometres apart.
From the front gate to the house can be 30 kilometres.
Levi, your turn. You and Marley, huh?
Hey, we're just making a free call on properties now.
Let's see, we're going to find them and talk about whatever it is.
We love watching people's eyes light up when they see what the Bible really teaches.
It makes us feel so glad we've come.
About 200 Jehovah's Witnesses are working along with us.
They come from nearly every state in Australia.
The whole group has travelled over 140,000 kilometres,
and along the way we've left thousands of our publications with people.
Some people have asked us to stay in touch by telephone, letter or email.
Each night, we share experiences around the campfire.
At the end of the week, the whole group meets up in Julia Creek for a public meeting.
Many of the locals were really impressed that we had travelled so far.
This troupe has drawn us closer as a family and closer to Jehovah.
What could be better than that?